Hum rabbit zen
I didn't expect you to dare to come
Do you know what this place is?
Why shouldn't I?
This hall of ghosts was opened for me
The four families rejected it for me
If I don't come today
You are afraid of a chance to win glory
Hahahaha
Those who came today are all the dignitaries of Haicheng
What are you?
We need all the light.
Yes, this Hall of Heroic Souls is the elephant of the market
It's all things that even ordinary people take a look at
Are supreme weapons
And you are good
How dare you bring your ashes to bear
This is the later stage.
Why is that?
Why do I think my father is hiding here?
Instead, it added a few more blessings to this hall of ghosts
Pardon me?
You actually want to take your father
Buried in this hall of ghosts
You deserve it.
kid
You have repeatedly defended our Hall of Heroic Souls
I suggest you cut off your legs and get out of here
Watch me break my legs and get out
Then do I still feel
Thank you for your kindness of not killing
you
Boy, don't blame the old man for being rude to you for a while
Bunch of idiots
To tell you the truth
Today I restart the Hall of the Dead
Just to bury my father and his old man
Chu Cai, you are bold
Are you going to impersonate Long Shuai?
Do you really think our four families are decorations?
Four big families, a bunch of waste
I'm not really bothering with you
It's all about the shame of being handsome
Thoughts, you are wronged
Brother Chu Zhen, I'm sorry
But I put you in danger
Leave me alone.
Go away.
What did the silly girl say?
How could I possibly ignore you?
Stop, the chief minister not only pretends to be Long Shuai
And tarnish the gift I prepared for Lord Long Shuai
Somebody call me, don't worry.
Expedition brother Su Xue
Don't worry, I'm fine.
I'm sorry for making you feel wronged.
A bunch of trash get out of here
Chu Chen, what if you can fight again?
When Long Shuai arrives, it will be a death
That's right, boy, don't you dare
The gift that tarnishes Long Shuai's talent
The Ba family is the first to refuse
Arrogant people are really courting death
You and other rats actually dare to offend Tianwei
This crime should be exterminated
Tenth brother, what should we do?